Prompt: In fifteen minutes, tell the first story you remember hearing.

===

Can’t say for sure which was the first story I remember hearing, which I suppose means I can’t remember shit. Time is a weird, cloudy, smelly, sneaky thing for me, and it’s because I can’t ever seem to remember things that aren’t utterly relevant to me at any given moment. Relevance is key, I think, because I’ll suddenly remember things that seem borderline obtuse and obsessive-compulsive to remember with any level of detail, let alone recite the specific words someone said (which I’m likely in the process shoving down someone’s throat, so to speak).

But I digress. The first story I remember hearing is no story at all. It is an account told to me by my dad many times. It involved several men in a car trying to make him pull over to take his car (and do who knows what to him) in the middle of an Island-wide blackout in Puerto Rico sometime in the seventies (?). My dad says he acted as if he couldn’t hear them, slowly proped the cannon of his .357 Magnum up on the car door as he continued to face forward and, while driving, proceeded to empty the cylinder onto the other car’s door.

Now, I have to agree that, having been in the same situation, I might’ve done the same, but then given the situation where I might have an impressionable young son eager to hear a tale of bravery, I might also make a story like that up as well. Which I suppose means I believe the story as much as I believe my father may have made it up completely, or embellished it considerably. I don’t care whether the story is true or not. I care that he told it, because it has played countless times in my head since then, like a movie, only with very bad lighting (Island-wide blackout, remember?), but it is my movie and only I have ever seen it.

That’s my dad. Shooting up the assholes who’re trying to take his car —and possibly his life— on his way back home to my mom and (maybe?) baby me. So what if it actually was a story, a fiction or half-fiction. It is my fiction, in which my dad’s a bad fucking ass on his way home from work.