Prompt: Tell a story about falling.

===

Falling, like war or sex, shows you “who you really are”. (And I write that between quotes because I mean it in the colloquial sense, and not in the literal sense of who you are as a person, but rather shows you things about your primal self.) Falling usually happens out of the blue; out of left field. It’s not expected, and something else kicks in. Something that’s not how you view yourself, or how you imagine others view you, but a little glimpse into what you’re made of (again, not exactly who you are per se).

I have a profound dislike of falling (which is my way fo saying I hate falling without feeling like a whiny bastard). And I think my profound dislike is in large part due to the fact that I cannot control what I project during a fall. This is probably a good thing, because it means that every time I fall I have to come to terms with the fact that I cannot control what other perceive of me, and this is definitely not a bad thing. So, while I hate falling, I guess it’s pretty rad. It’s always good when you manage not to complete the fall. You deny gravity its birthright and claim your balance as your war loot. Fuck you, gravity! But gravity will win in the end.

Gravity always wins.

This is hardly a story, I can tell. But I’mma go ahead and convince myself that this text is an account of me falling asleep. No, really, I am dead tired. Or perhaps this text, itself, is falling. For fuck’s sake, what am I saying?

You have no idea how hard it is not to delete the previous paragraph. But I’m not deleting it, which —in a way— I guess is kind of like what I was talking about sticking it to gravity: I want to cave in and delete a paragraph because it’s so full of WTF, but I don’t. I’ll deny my self-criticism its rightful editing power and indulge in the sleepiness-indiced madness that has transpired. For all the world to see.

In a way, that terrible paragraph is me falling, but deleting it is actually hitting the floor face first. See? And so, by *not* deleting the paragraph, I am catching myself in the nick of time. I’m moving my legs fast enough and shifting my weight just right… Let the world see that not only do I make a funny and desperate face when I’m about to fall, but I am also —on ocassion— able to catch myself, correct my trajectory and carry on my way.

Because we all make a funny face when we fall.