Prompt: Tell the history of your own writing: what's kept you from it, what's pushed you toward it. Now give yourself a happy ending, because what the hell?

(Written Fri., April 5)

===

I think since I was a kid, I’ve always had an interest in narrative. Maybe not storytelling per se, but narrative. You know, telling something in an engaging way.

I didn’t begin actually writing, however, until in my 20s, when I found a site online that published essays, reviews, poems… anything written, really. They had a submission process, and I had some really emotional shit scribbled here and there, so I sent a piece or two, and they accepted. So, I began writing regularly. After a while, and some drama, I opened up my own site, also publishing other people’s writings. This was before blogs, in the midst of the golden age of online forums. Those were the days. The days in which many things sucked, but many others were pretty cool.

Anywho, since then I’ve attempted to maintain a blog several times, to no avail. I always fall behind, make excuses, over-analyze what I write and give up, either explicitly or implied in “I’ve wanted to, I’ve just been so busy lately!”, which is sometimes true, but not really. I’ve tried to write about design, culture, and current events. Whatever is nagging at me at any given moment, I suppose. There are times when I convince myself I have nothing to say, so why say anything? But that’s not true. I’m as opinionated as anyone and I’m constantly discussing things with friends and my wife.

I don’t know that I have a story of writing (a history, sure, but no story) and fiction isn’t my thing (not anymore, anyway… yeah, those early, hyper emotional writings were fictional on some level), so I’m finding it difficult to write something interesting about my writing.

There’s one thing that nags me, and that is the fact that I sometimes sound like a complete asshole. In particular, the times I’ve written about design and culture, I feel like my writing comes across as very self-absorbed. For a time, I didn’t mind that, but lately I kind of do. I can be quite the asshole at times, don’t get me wrong. But I don’t perceive myself as being an insufferable dick all of the time. Yet somehow I sounds like that in my head sometimes. I need to look further into this… figure out exactly what is bothering me and how to either correct it or come to terms with it.

So here’s my happy ending: I manage to figure that out, and allow myself the joy of letting ideas and thoughts flow without so much self-criticism and self-awareness. Just being, accepting what I am and corecting what I genuinely don’t wish to be.