  Pick:

a) A fear of yours: doesn't matter whether it's an actual phobia or just a chronic low-grade worry

b) an animal

Now. Write a story about that animal facing that fear.  Is it an aardvaark who can't swim? A tarantula who can't figure out his finances? The more absurd, the better.

===

There once was a pit bull terrier named Serge who was fairly happy and content, but was always waiting for the other shoe to drop. You see, throughout most of his life, Serge had felt like the biggest hack, and he was fearful not only that someday someone would find him out and expose him for the impostor that he is, but that everybody around him already knew his big secret, and they all just kind of played along with him out of pity. Because “poor Serge… he means well, but is so unaware of his own bullshit!”

But aware he was, poor Serge.

He was a stubborn dog. He had had the opportunity to learn how to be a proper pit bull, but instead chose to go his own way, to “learn by doing”, which in his mind is another way of saying “I’ll just make it up as I go”. And make it up he did.

It worked for him, which should be good enough, but his fellow dogs were all so cultured! They’d all been taught the proper way to be a pit bull. They all stood with attention to leg placement and their cut ears propped up. They were the popular image of what a pit bull should be. Serge, on the other hand, had developed his own take on proper posture, and his floppy ears refused to play ball. And again, this should be OK, but for some reason Serge felt he somehow needed to compete with these other dogs, either by becoming more like them or by establishing his self-taught pit bull ways as some how superior. It was a classic case of total insecurity.

Many troubled years passed, and little by little Serge managed to survive and gain some level of recognition for his pit bull-ness. But as he matured and refined his skills, this nagging little voice crept closer and grew louder. “They’re onto you,” it would say. “They pity your ignorant ass!” And it was crippling, at times.

It was bad enough that, eventually, Serge stopped challenging himself. Sure, a few challenges came and went, and, for the most part, Serge handled himself quite well, but not without major perspiration and worry, and certainly not without utmost dread. Comfort set in, he stuck to holding his head high enough to be recognized as a pit bull, but low enough to not stand out. Until one particular challenge arose: He was called on to do something he hadn’t had to do for many years. and he rose to that challenge with a strange energy he hadn’t felt in a very long time. He took the opportunity and stuck his head way up, and everything was good.

Serge is still fearful, but much less so. He has learned that the nagging, naysaying voice in his head is an unproductive, sad bastard who will never amount to anything in its life and aims to drag Serge (and everything he can be) down with it, because it is only an idea. It is, after all, the poduct of a few neurons firing out of instinct rather than out of brilliance and hardship. It is borne of fear, because fear is how Serge’s ancestors avoided injury or death, but fear is does not lead to fulfillment in this world. This world belongs to the ones willing to fail hard, to make huge, awesome mistakes, and who are willing to learn from those mistakes.

That is the story of Serge, for now. It will continue to be written.