Prompt: Describe someone you love, and what the world should know about them, after all of us are gone.

===

Let me tell you about her.

She is challenging, and independent, and thoughtful. She is easygoing, and she clings to me, and she spaces out. She’s very stubborn. She’ll fall asleep seconds after affirming that’s she’s not sleepy, which is the most adorable thing.

She brings out the best in me, and makes me aware of the worst in me. She makes me the very best I could possibly be, because she is at any given moment both accepting and demanding.

She is a geek and a ditz. She is vulnerable and strong. She can rock high heels and working boots, and knows when to wear each. She can fire a gun. Accurately. She can design a space. Lovingly. She’s a mean bookkeeper, and a scary researcher.

She’s afraid of becoming a hoarder, which results in a lot of things thrown away. (Things I intended to hoard.) Her hands are a dark and magical place where pens go to disappear forever.

She’s afraid of being pregnant, and I share this fear. Hormonal shifts wreak a very special kind of havoc on her emotions. She’s also afraid of slimy critters.

She is capable of cold precision and immense empathy. She is very knowledgeable; more than she’ll give herself credit for.

I think she makes me complete because I see a completely different —almost opposing— execution of the same basic principles I fancy myself being built on, but that assertion is probably just a projection of my desire to be as awe inspiring as her.

I admire her because, in spite of the vulnerability only a few people know her to possess, she handles herself with rock-solid confidence and grit when a situation calls for it. Both intellectually and physically, she’ll rub shoulders with very tough people and come out of it with a smile, a few new friends, and wanting more. And she has been an emotional rock in times when I’ve hit a rough patch.

It sounds like I hold nothing but awe and wonder at this woman, and that’s because I do. Never mind the occasional disagreements or my superficial annoyance at little things (she keeps throwing my shit away!), I literally know not what I would do without her, nor what I would be. At the very least, I know for a fact I’d be a lesser person, and that’s enough for me.

Her name is Marie. She is my wife, and I am eternally in love with her for who she is, for who I am alongside her, and for what we are when we’re together.